# Reading
## Passage 3: Rewards for scientific achievement

While the Nobel Prizes are over 115 years old, rewards for scientific achievement have been around much longer. As early as the 17th century, at the very origins of modern experimental science, promoters of science realized the need for some system of recognition and reward that would provide ***incentive*** for advances in the field.

Before the prize, It was the gift that dominated in science. ***Precursors*** to modern scientists the early astronomers, philosophers, ***physicians***, ***alchemists*** and engineers offered wonderful discoveries, Inventions and works of literature or art as gifts to powerful ***patrons***, often ***royalty***. Many scientists ***prefaced*** their publications with ***extravagant*** letters of dedication; they might, or they might not, be rewarded with a gift in return. Eventually, different kinds of Incentives, Including prizes and awards, as well as new, ***salaried*** academic positions, became more common and the favor of particular wealthy patrons ***diminished*** in importance. But at the height of the ***Renaissance***, early scientists relied on gifts from powerful princes to ***compensate*** and advertise their efforts.

With ***courtiers*** all ***vying*** for a patron's attention, scientific gifts had to be presented with drama and ***flair***. The astronomer Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) presented his newly discovered moons of Jupiter to the Medici ***dukes*** of Italy as a 'gift' that was literally ***out of this world***. In return, the Medici family '***ennobled***' Galileo with the title and position of ***court*** philosopher and mathematician. If a gift succeeded, the gift-giver might, like Galileo in this case, be ***fortunate*** enough to receive a gift in return. Gift-givers could not, however, predict what form a patron's gift would take, and they might find themselves ***burdened*** with offers they couldn't refuse. Tycho Brahe (1546-1601), the great Danish Renaissance astronomer, received everything from ***exotic*** animals to chemical secrets in return for his discoveries.

By the early-17th century, scientific promoters realized that gift-giving was ***ill-suited*** to encouraging experimental science. Experimentation required many Individuals to collect data in many places across long periods of time. Gifts emphasized competitive individualism at a time when scientific collaboration and the often ***humdrum*** work of ***empirical*** observation were ***paramount***.

While it was accepted that some competitive ***rivalry*** helped to inspire and advance science, scientific ***reformers*** believed that too much led to the ***ostentation*** that too often ***plagued*** ***courtly*** gift-giving. Most of all, reformers feared an individual would not tackle a problem that couldn't be finished and presented to a patron in his or her lifetime or even if they did, their findings might die with them.

For these reasons, promoters of experimental science saw the ***reform*** of rewards as ***integral*** to ***radical*** changes in the ***pace*** and scale of scientific discovery. For example, Sir Francis Bacon (1561-1626), ***lord chancellor*** of England and an influential ***booster*** of experimental science, emphasized the Importance even of '***approximations***' or unfinished attempts at reaching a particular goal. Instead of ***dissipating*** their efforts attempting to ***appease*** patrons, many researchers, he hoped, could be stimulated to work toward the same ends via a ***well-publicized*** research ***wish list***. Bacon ***coined*** the term '***desiderata***', still used by researchers today to ***denote*** widespread research goals. He also suggested many ***ingenious*** ways to advance discovery by stimulating the human ***hunger*** for fame; a row of statues celebrating famous inventors of the past, for example, could be paired with a row of empty ***plinths*** upon which researchers might imagine their own ***busts*** one day resting.

Bacon's techniques inspired one of his ***chief admirers***, the reformer Samuel Hartlib (***circa*** 1600-1662) to collect many schemes for reforming the system of recognition. One proposed that rewards should go not only 'to such as exactly hit the marke, but even to those that probably ***misse*** it', because their errors would stimulate others and make 'active ***braines*** to ***beate*** about for New Inventions'. Hartlib planned a centralized office ***systematizing*** rewards for those who 'expect Rewards for Services done to the King or State, and know not where to ***pitch*** and what to desire'.

Collaborative scientific societies, beginning in the mid-17th century, ***distanced*** rewards from the ***whims*** and demands of individual patrons. The ***periodicals*** that many new scientific societies started publishing offered a new ***medium*** that allowed authors to ***tackle*** ambitious research problems that might not individually produce a complete publication pleasing to a ***dedicatee***. The societies saw their periodicals as a ***means*** to ***entice*** discovery by offering credit. Today's Leopoldina, the German national scientific society, founded its publication in 1670. According to its ***bylaws***, those who might not otherwise publish their findings could see them '***exhibited to the world..***. with the ***praiseworthy*** mention of their name' an important step on the way to standardizing scientific ***citation***.

States might also offer rewards for solutions to problems, most ***famously*** in the case of the prize offered by the British government in 1714 for figuring out how to determine ***longitude*** at sea. Some in the 17th century ***likened*** this ***long-sought*** discovery to the philosopher's ***stone***. The idea of using a prize to highlight a specific problem is alive and well today. In fact, some ***contemporary*** scientific prizes, such as the Simons Foundation's '***Cracking*** the Glass Problem', set ***forth*** specific questions that still need to be resolved.

The shift from gift-giving to prize-giving completely transformed the rules of engagement in scientific discovery. Of course, the need for ***monetary*** support hasn't gone away. ***Obtaining*** financial support can still be a ***sizable*** part of what it takes to get science done today. Succeeding in ***grant*** competitions might seem ***mystifying***, and winning a career-changing Nobel might come as a ***bolt out of the blue***. But researchers can take comfort that they no longer have to present their innovations on ***bended*** knee as ***wondrous*** gifts that will appeal to the whims of individual patrons.