# Words from listening
## Extract 4
You will see that there's an example that has been done for you. On this occasion only, the conversation relating to this will be played first.

Hello. I'm Mrs.Phillips, the head librarian. You're the new library assistant, aren't you?

Yes. I'm Robert Haskell, but please call me Bob.

The woman introduces herself as the head librarian, Mrs.Phillips, so the name missus Phillips has been written in. Now we shall begin. You should answer the questions as you listen because you will not hear the recording a second time. Listen carefully and answer questions one to five.

Hello. I'm Mrs.Phillips, the head librarian. You're the new library assistant, aren't you?

Yes. I'm Robert Haskell, but please call me Bob.

Alright, Bob. Let me take a few minutes to explain how the library works and what your **duties** will be. First, the library opens at 08:30 in the morning. So, naturally, we expect you to be here and ready to work by then.

Of course.

And you can go home at 04:30 when the library closes. Now let me explain where everything's kept.

It looks like here on the Ground Floor is where the reference books are.

Yes. That's right. **Up on** the Second Floor is where the adult collection is, both fiction and nonfiction.

And the children's books are there too, aren't they? I thought I saw them in the room by the **stairway**.

No. Those are magazines and newspapers for adults. Children's books are **up one more flight on** the Third Floor. We'll take a look at them later. Let me show you how we organize our work. Do you see that brown book **cart** over there?

The one by the door?

Yes. That one. Those books have been checked in and need to go back on the shelves.

Okay. So the brown book **cart** has books to **reshelve**. What about this black **cart** by the desk?

Those books have **torn** pages or damaged covers. They're all books that need to be repaired.

Okay. I know how to do a lot of that. I'm pretty good at **mending** torn pages and covers.

That's great because we really need help with that.

And that white card in the corner, what are those books for?

Those are old books that we've taken off the shelves to make room for new ones. We sell them as used books to raise money for the library.

So they're all ready to sell?

Yes. That's right. So now you know what to do with the books in the carts. Let's talk about our activity schedule.

Before you hear the rest of the conversation, you have some time to look at questions six to 10 on page 201. Now listen and answer questions six to 10.

I understand this library has a number of interesting activities every week.

Yes. Our activities are quite popular. The most popular one is story time for the children.

Do a lot of children **show up** for that?

Yes. A good many. It takes place in the children's room on Thursday mornings at eleven.

Isn't there a a family movie night too?

Yes. But it's not at night anymore. We used to have family movies on Fridays when the library is open until nine. But now we have a different activity at that time, so we had to switch family movies to the weekend, Saturday afternoon.

How much do you charge for the movies?

They're all free. The movie always starts at 02:30 in the Reference Room, but you don't have to worry about that since you don't work on weekends.

And what takes place on Friday evenings?

We've just started a weekly lecture series. We have a different speaker every week, and the lectures cover all different kinds of topics.

That sounds like something I'd be interested in attending.

Good. Because we'll need your help with that. You'll be working Friday evenings, and one of your **duties** will be to set up the meeting room on the First Floor for the lecture.

What time will you need that done?

Let's say by 06:15. The lecture starts at 06:30, and the room needs to be ready **well ahead of time**. A lot of people arrive early.

Maybe I should

have the room ready by six?

That wouldn't be a bad idea. Okay. Why don't I take you upstairs and show you the rest of the collection?

That is the end of section one. You now have half a minute to check your answers.
## Extract 5
You will see that there is an example which has been done for you. On this occasion only, the conversation relating to this will be played first.

Good afternoon. Italia Breaks. My name's Margaret. How can I help you?

Hi. I'd like to book a short break in Italy. Hotel and flights combined.

Anywhere in particular?

Yes. Venice, if possible.

The holiday destination is Venice, so Venice has been written in the space. Now the test will begin. You should answer the questions as you listen because you will not hear the recording a second time. Listen carefully and answer questions one to four.

Good afternoon. Italia Breaks. My name's Margaret. How can I help you?

Hi. I'd like to book a short break in Italy. Hotel and flights combined.

Anywhere in particular?

Yes. Venice, if possible. We've been looking at some of your **brochures**, and I want to check if you have any special deals.

Right. Let's have a look and see what we've got. Right. Okay. **I've got the screen up**. Can you just give me a few personal details?

Sure.

First, can I just take your name, please, and a contact telephone number?

Certainly. It's John Framlington. That's f r a m l I n g t o n. And I'll give you my mobile number. I can't always remember it. Yes. Here it is. It's 079874192.

4, 1, 9 2.

That's it.

And how many people is it for?

Just two adults.

Okay. Any particular price range?

It's our first wedding anniversary, and we Congratulations. Thank you. So we wanted somewhere nice, but not too expensive. We would like to make it something to remember, maybe in the medium price range.

Okay. How many nights do you plan to stay?

Five nights only. That gives us plenty of time to do sightseeing and to relax.

Right. That's five nights only. And what type of hotel?

We initially thought of going for a five star, but that might be too expensive. So we've been looking at four star hotels.

We've got quite a few in our **brochure**, but the one I would recommend is the Hotel Scotland. It's four star, and I know there are rooms available because I have just made a booking for another client there.

I didn't notice that one. I don't know how I didn't see it.

It's easy to miss them. I've also stayed there myself as we sometimes have to go and check out the hotels. And of all the ones I visited, this was my favorite.

Oh, right. Before you hear the rest of the conversation, you have some time to look at questions five to 10. Now listen and answer questions five to 10. What's the hotel like?

It has a **courtyard** for breakfast. It's got 50 rooms. It's just been renovated, and so it's very **stylish**.

Is it in the **brochure**?

It's on page 63.

Ah, yes. I can see it's right next to the railway station. But what appeals to me most of all is that the hotel's very convenient for all the **water buses**. And the idea of having a **terrace** with the room, I really find very appealing. These are big pluses.

It's probably the most central hotel we have. You might think it would be a bit noisy as it's in the main commuter area and a place where tourists go. But from experience, I can **assure** you the hotel is very quiet. Most of the rooms are facing away from the main **thoroughfare**. Can you tell me when you'd like to leave?

The March 17. Coming back on the twenty second.

Okay. I'll just check again if there are places available. Two adults sharing, Hotel Scotland. Yes. That's gone through.

Okay. And how much is the **break** including flights?

There's a special rate at the moment because **it's off season**. For five nights, let's see, it's £716 for a double room and flights. That includes airport taxes, but not insurance. Each? No. For two adults sharing.

That doesn't sound too bad at all. What **reductions** do you have at the moment?

Well, if you make the booking before the February 17, you get a further 15% reduction subject to availability.

That's a big saving.

Yes. It makes the price very reasonable **indeed**. Do you need travel insurance?

Yes. I suppose we better had.

For seven day cover for both of you, it's £17.88.

Okay.

Do you want to book today?

I think we should, but can I just check with my wife? Can you hold the booking for me?

I can hold it until 1PM.

Okay. That's fine. I'll get back to you immediately.

I'll just give you a reference for the reservation.

Okay.

It's FAPSJM15.

Thanks. I'll get back to you as soon as I can and definitely before 1PM. This is too good an offer to miss.

That is the end of section one. You now have half a minute to check your answers.

