# Greeting
After much time, I am here again. I stopped learning programming, preparing for SAT, IELTS (my books) and other activities with the mask of the homework. I neither complete the homework on time nor do my other activities. I think I really need a change. Why am doing it? Let's try to analyze the problem first
# Why am I failing?
The reasons might not be revealed clearly, yet I attempt to show them. First, my mindset. I do not think, I am run of out time usually. My brain just tries to justify when I am procrastinating. For example, I did not do enough work, even complete my homework in retrospect. Why? Because I was completely distracted. Sometimes I just spend time with removing elements of a website, sometime just talking to AI and hit the dopamine spike. 

Second reason is that I try to pretend like my focus is resisting the temptation, not being productive. However, I just want to become lazy, no matter how difficult my addiction. Solution? Stop focusing on resisting, but struggling on. 
# What did I miss?
A lot. I could have finished all my homework and started C, SAT, IELTS. But... I chose to lay down and wait magic. Today, I have to finish all the homework and go to course, in addition to wash my head. Can I do it? Let me analyze a few things
# Today will be stressful due to my delays
Okay, first of all, I have to start working on Listening and Reading materials, they should be finished until 8 AM. Then I will need to work on the words from three topics. Okay, what is next? The given collocations require more effort to memorize, understand. But I will try. If I complete them on time, no problem may arise. However, If I make the same mistake, this is going to yield something bad.
# Solutions to balance the day
My main enemy is finishing the homework, this is why I carry it too much without moving forward. I have never finished my homework one day earlier. Let's be pragmatic, not the future, not tomorrow, today. When I come back home after the class, I will just mask my work by exhaustion, yet I will have enough power to work. What is my solution? I will come back and meditate for 10 minutes, begin working right away. Why? Because while coming back home, I will have taken rest. At least today, I will read the given passages, work on listening, mark the words I need to learn, read new collocations. Not difficult, but engaging. 
# I managed to finish the homework
I am in my classroom now and feeling a little bit fear of punishment. Because our teacher told us to punish students unprepared in the next class. But, I do not have to feel stress too much as I am confident about my preparation.