# IELTS
## Today's essay

*The use of electronic media has a negative effect on personal relationships between people.*

***To what extent do you agree or disagree?***

*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your knowledge or experience.*

### What is topic about?

Negative effects of electronic media(email, social media, messengers, dating platforms) on relationships.
### Is this statement true?
Yes, definitely true! I can explain why, give examples.
### Can I disagree?
No, I agree, I have never seen its positive effects. I will explain why, show real examples.
### Structure
**Introduction**
*I will introduce the statement and show my position
**Body 1**
I will provide why this is true with real examples.
**Body 2**
I will why most people disagree with this idea with real-world scenario
**Conclusion**
I will conclude my opinions and give a solution.

### Essay
Nowadays, it is difficult to find people without modern gadgets. The internet has affected to our lives by introducing web sites, social media, email, messengers. Today, it is straightforward to keep in touch with friends, relatives, and loved ones by just typing on a keyboard. However, such methods seem harmless, in fact, they are leading to catastrophic mental and psychological issues in people's lives, especially among teenagers.

Today, the statistics show an increase in social anxiety, suicide, depression and stress rate among young people. These numbers are linked with social media and other communication apps. Rather than changing themselves and practicing to talk to peers, teenagers now tend to prefer chatting online. This is, in turn, leading to a lack of confidence and other social skills among them. Artificial lifestyles, including a virtual social life, demonstrate the world with its lies, as a result, people  believe such life conditions. This leads to a feeling of depression when they realize they do not have such lifestyles, and eventually they end up with losing their motivation to live happily. Regardless of how many virtual friends a person has, they do not develop real communication skills, therefore, they are more likely to fail when they want to build a relationship. I know that lots of my friends, peers cannot tell their loved ones that they love them. Performing this action requires a lot of brevity, not typing faster on a keyboard to chat.

On the other hand, these statistics are subtle for the majority of social media users as their lives are connected to their social profiles. Their perspectives on social media are pretty normal and social networking platforms look a much easier way to communicate with other, finding a romantic relationship or just for relaxation. The perception is not justified by real evidence, only companies promote them to gain profit. For example, if we take a look at well-known platforms such as Instagram, Facebook or TikTok, including YouTube. They look colorful, joyful and harm-free. My friends and millions of people scroll their phones, computers all the day. They share, like videos, chat and feel happy until they close these apps. Nobody shows their real face, situation or circumstances on social media: they illustrate their lives as perfect ones. 

In conclusion, while electronic media look enjoyable for those who heavily use them, it, actually, is an obstacle to build or maintain healthy relationships. As I personally do not use electronic media, I would not recommend anyone to use them. Broadly speaking, nothing is equal to face-to-face communication: greeting, hugging, talking physically.


## Tasks
1. [x] Review reading task
2. [ ] Try to listen the audio 5 with different accents
## Words
- **Lately** - *recently*
- **Entirety** - *complete (from the beginning to the end)*
	- *in its entirety - all part included*
- **Mature** - *fully developed, grown adult*
	- *fully developed flavor*
	- *to mature means becoming physically adult*
- **Dent** - *making a small hollow on surface*
	- *to reduce an ability or affect negatively*
- **Fidgety** - *to be restless, anxious, bored because of boredom*
- **Drift** - *to wander aimlessly, no focused*
- **Absorb** - *to understand completely, with deep concentration*
- **Superficial** - *lack of depth, complexity*
- **Cite** - *to refer or quote (someone, research etc.)*
- **Awaken** - *to activate, stimulate, or to make something/somebody awake*
- **Cursory** - *quick, not detailed, superficial*
- **Dormant** - *inactive, but can be activated later*
- **Immerse** - *(to immerse subject in) to absorb in, focusing deeply, being involved completely*
- **Digest** - *to fully understand*
- **Correlation** - *link, connection between things*
- **Broadband** - *transmission of multiple data types simultaneously (e.g. fast internet connect)*
- **Cut-off** - *a limit or ending of something*
## Insights
- It turns out - it become clear, known
# Accomplishments
1. [x] Unit 4 WB has been completed!
2. [x] I could stay alive against the cake
3. [x] I did not use the internet
4. [x] I could write an essay

# Notes
Today was a great day. I studied thoroughly, stayed focused. This is what I am going to write. I found that evenings are not good for learning something new, especially, after a hard-work day. I am going to work on IELTS preparation one day and review what I have done in the next day by also improving my general English. Websites like Learn English British council or BBC English are extremely helpful if they are used purposefully. I am now just staying mindful: no reading, no listening, no working, just doing nothing except writing. I do not want to perform "Toxic productivity", working whenever I have a chance, instead, I am trying to re-gain my concentration and stay sharp. Consistency matters, nothing else. If you increase value (it is initially 0) by 5, then 10, then 0, then -3, then: 0, 0, 0, 0, 3, 5, 0 respectively, you will not gain much. However, if you increment the value at least 1 by doing everyday(without skipping), you can gain much in the end. So I pay attention to consistency rather than how much I work. I will continue doing mindfulness until the time I will need to sleep.  