# Study
## IELTS
### Reading
Russia's boreal forests and wild grasses could combat climate change

A) Scientists believe Russia's ancient forests are the country's best natural weapon against climate change, even though the **stockpile** of **carbon** beneath the ground also makes these areas vulnerable to **carbon** release. A recent study found that half the world's **carbon** is stored within land in the **permafrost** region, about two-thirds of which lies in Russia. **Overlying** **former** **glaciers**, they are a **coniferous** mix called the **boreal** forest. 'There's a lot of carbon there and it's very vulnerable,' says Josep Canadell, co-author of the study. 'If the **permafrost** **thaws**, we could be releasing ten percent more carbon a year for several centuries more than our previous models predicted. It's going to cost a lot to reduce our emissions by that much but it will cost more in damage if we don't.'

B) The study was published in Global Biogeochemical Cycles. Researchers found that the region contains 1,672 billion tons of organic **carbon**, much of it several feet underground, that 'would account for approximately 50 percent of the estimated global below-ground organic **carbon**'. Another paper published in Nature found that old forests, which make up perhaps half of the **boreal** forest, 'continue to accumulate **carbon**, contrary to the long-standing view that they are carbon-neutral'. Even though fires and insect **infestations** destroy entire **swaths** of forest and release into the atmosphere the carbon they contain, old-growth forests still take in more than these natural **disturbances** release, says lead author Sebastiaan Luyssaert, a biologist at the University of Antwerp in Belgium. 'This is all the more reason to protect Russia's **boreal** forests, which take in 500 million tons of **carbon** a year, or about one-fifth of the carbon absorbed by the world's **landmass**, says Mr Canadell, who is executive director of the Global Carbon Project, based in Canberra. 

C) Jing Ming Chen, a University of Toronto geography professor who specialises in climate modelling for the **boreal** region, says: 'Cutting **boreal** trees increases the amount of **carbon** in the atmosphere and it takes 50 to 100 years to put that **carbon** back in the ground.' Luysaaert and Chen argue there's a strong case for **conserving** the old-growth forests. 'It's better to keep as much **carbon** in the forest as possible right now, Mr Luyssaert explains. 'If we want to avoid **irreversible** processes like melting **permafrost** or changing ocean currents, we absolutely have to control our emissions in the next two or three decades. It's a case where you need to be **short-sighted** to be **far-sighted**.' 'The threats to the **boreal** forests don't seem significant right now,' explains Nigel Roulet, a **carbon** cycle specialist at McGill University in Montreal, 'but I'm **convinced** pressure will increase as the region gets warmer and it gets easier to operate there. Also, I expect these resources to become more valuable as others are exhausted.'

D) Scientists say Russia and Kazakhstan could make a unique contribution to the fight against global warming by **harvesting** wild **grasses** that have **overgrown** 100,000 square miles of agricultural lands abandoned in the **nineties**, and using them to make **ethanol** - or, better yet, burn them in coal-fuelled power plants. According to Nicolas Vuichard, **principal** author of a paper published in Environmental Science and Technology of Washington, DC, using the grasses to make ethanol would **sequester** in the ground, over 60 years, about 10 million tons of **carbon** a year-one-quarter as dead root **matter** in the soil and the rest in producing **ethanol** as a substitute for **petroleum**- based fuels. 'That's not huge on a world scale, but it's **substantial**,' he says. Fossil fuels **emit** about eight billion tons of carbon a year, of which about two billion tons are absorbed by plants and soil.

E) Renton Righelato, visiting research **fellow** at the
University of Reading and **former** **chairman** of the
World Land Trust, agrees. '**Given that** it would take
the world's entire supply of **arable** land to replace
just two-thirds of our transport fuel needs,' he says,
'biofuels are not a **practicable** long-term solution for
transportation emissions. What we need is carbon-
free fuel. But in the case of abandoned croplands,
using **grasses** as biofuels could make a contribution,'
he adds. Study **co-author** Adam Wolf, of the Carnegie
Institution for Science at Stanford University, cites a
study by Elliott Campbell in Science magazine that
showed that burning **grasses** in a coal-fuelled plant
doubles the savings in **carbon** emissions compared to
using the same **grasses** to make **ethanol**. 'If biofuels
are going to reduce emissions, using abandoned
croplands to make electricity and **offset** coal use is our
best **bet**,' he says. 'Both of these countries have coal-
fuelled power plants, so the process could start soon.'
Thus, Russia and Kazakhstan are now in a position
to become leaders in green energy, and could use the
grasses to export clean electricity in addition to oil and
gas, according to Mr Wolf.


### Listening
#### Transcript
Track 6
You will hear a man who is interested in doing voluntary work connected with the environment talking to a woman who works for an organisation that runs environmental projects. First, you have some time to look at Questions 1-10.
Pause
Now listen and answer Questions 1-10.
Hannah: Hello, how can I help you?
Ryan: Well, I've come in because I want to volunteer for one of your environmental projects. I read something about your organisation in the paper a few days ago and I thought I'd like to get involved.
H: OK, that sounds good. What's your name?
R: Ryan.
H: OK, Ryan, thanks for coming in. I'm Hannah. Now, let me start by telling you something about our organisation and then we can have a look at a few projects that might interest you, after I've found out a bit about you.
R: Fine.
H: Right, well as you know, we're called The Volunteer Agency and that pretty well explains what we do. We recruit people for a wide range of projects. A lot of our work **concerns** environmental projects and at the moment we've got 130,000 volunteers working on these projects.
R: What sort of environmental projects are they?
H: Well, for example, if you wanted to go abroad, one of our big
projects involves gathering information that is used for the protection of marine and forest environments. Volunteers on that do diving or collect **biodiversity** data on tropical rainforest species.
R: Sounds exciting. But I think I'd rather stay here, at least to start off with.
H: OK. Well, here in our own country we've got a big project aimed at clearing up **litter** in rural areas. The aim of this is to get everyone involved in making sure their local environment is clean and **tidy**.
R: Yes, I've seen adverts for that.
H: Another project involves looking after the National Cycle network, keeping the routes safe and attractive for cyclists. This is part of a bigger scheme concerned with developing sustainable transport systems all across the country.
R: Interesting
H: Now, if you want to do something in the city, rather than the countryside, within cities we also have the City Farms projects. which involve working with people, plants and animals.
R: Oh, what are those? Are they real farms? How do they work?
H: Well, yes, they're real farms and they're an example of a project that relies almost entirely on volunteers. On other projects, you might be working alongside salaried people, but with these, almost everyone is unpaid. In fact, many of our projects have very few, if any, paid staff.
R: Yes, that's what I thought.
H: Well, do any of these things sound particularly appealing to you?
R: Well, as I say, I wasn't thinking of going abroad, and I'm not sure that any of those is exactly the sort of thing I'm really looking for. Sorry!
H: That's OK, there are lots more things I can tell you about. I'm sure we'll find a project **that's right up your street.**
R: Yes, I hope so,
H: OK, well, let's have a look at a few other possibilities
Pause
H: Right, well one thing that might suit you is a scheme called Wildlife Link. There are 47 branches of this around the country. with over 24,000 active volunteers, and it's involved in all aspects of nature conservation. Its aim is to protect wildlife in all habitats across the country. Things you can do there include looking after nature reserves, taking part in community gardening and carrying out surveys of wildlife species. Tell me, are you keen to be outdoors?
R: Yes, I am, and that does sound like the sort of thing I might be really interested in
H: OK. Well, here's another project that you might like the sound of. This one's aimed at young people
R: Right, tell me about that one.
H: It's called Wildlife Watch, and involves organising groups for young people, getting them to explore and learn about their local environment. There are over 300 groups and around 150,000 members of those groups. As well as running those groups and going out with them, there is a need for volunteers with administrative skills. Is that the sort of thing you might
fancy?
R: Maybe, but I think I'd probably prefer to be more **hands-on**, doing physical work.
H: OK. Well, then the organisation called Action Earth might be the one for you. They've got a total of 908 projects, involving over 18,000 volunteers. They do all sorts of things, from planting trees to constructing **fences** and walls and collecting **litter**, their aim being to improve the local environment in all sorts of ways. How does that sound?
R: I might well be interested in that
H: OK, look, I'll give you some **leaflets** and contact information, and you can have a think about it all.
R: That sounds like a good idea. Thanks.
# Notes
## Starting off
Amazing day. I did everything okay. Now I need to plan the day. Let us get started!
## Today's agenda
1. [x] Writing: review your report: [[2024-10-20#Report]] with AI, revise it
2. [x] Reading: work with the passage: work with answers, simplify and learn words from it
3. [x] Listening: analyze, then try to listen the audio again with and without its transcript
4. [x] Speaking: watch one of the videos from your computer for shallowing technique
5. [x] Extra: listen to the passage as an audio

## Something went wrong
I need to learn how to manage the day. Because today, I can only complete the UNIT, yet I could listen to two podcasts(BBC 6 minute, Huberman lab) and also, I could not watch a lecture from the MIT course. Let me break my day into small pieces:
1. I wake up at 6.30 am, go for a walk, run
2. I write notes to start my day
3. I brush my teeth, wash my face, have breakfast
4. I work until afternoon(12 pm)
5. I write notes
6. I start working at 1.30 am(by walking, running, taking a cold shower, meditation)
7. I finish my work at around 4pm