The words to find:
- A person who is confident.'

## Today's essay:
*The media pay too much attention to the lives and relationships of celebrities such as actors, singers or footballers. The should spend more time reporting the lives of ordinary people instead.*

***To what extent do you agree or disagree?***

*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience*

***Let's break the topic down to small pieces:

### What is the topic?
The topic is saying that the media mostly observes and shows celebrities'(famous people) lives or relationships and claiming that it should pay attention to ordinary lives.

### What is my task?
Showing my position to the statement and providing real examples for agreement and disagreement.

### Ideas
Is the media really paying attention to the celebrities too much? It is hard to say yes. Because we usually see accidents, states of countries and interesting things in the media, not which actor loved someone or divorced. But why is that statement here? I think it depends on place. For example in my country, people tend to watch entertainment people's lives.

Should the media pay attention to ordinary people lives? Perhaps yes, but it should be balanced. If celebrities lives are more demanding, why should the media limit it?

### Structure
Introduction:
	Introducing that claim and showing my position in it.
Body paragraph 1:
	Supporting that claim, showing real examples and lacking features.
Body paragraph 2:
	Why I disagree with this idea and real examples.
Conclusion:
	Explaining both perspectives, my conclusion, and giving a solution.

### Essay
Some individuals think that the media is mostly emphasizing of celebrities, especially their relationships and lives. They think the media should consider lives of ordinary people. However, in my opinion, the media does not look like they are too much paying attention to famous entertaining people and contents about ordinary are not so welcoming by majority.

At first glance, it may seem like there is only information about celebrities for those who are personally interested in them. Most people like watching interviews about famous people, what they do or say, who they married or divorced. For example, in my country, it is easy to find YouTube videos for: interviews, shocking news of most-knowing actors, singers. 

However, there are also lots of content for news, information for other things such as recent news, accidents, statistics, interviews of successful people and so on. I think the media is keeping balance. If lives of celebrities are demanding, why should the media restrict from uncovering them? Also, me and a lot of people are not interested in ordinary people's lives. In addition, we have a right to filter what we see in the internet.

In conclusion, the media is supposed to be keeping balance between wide range of topics. I disagree with the statement, because everyone can choose what to see and only demanding content is widely accepted. Additionally, the statement depends on each country or place. True fans of celebrities are usually interested in their roles, songs or other products, not on their lives.



