# IELTS
## Writing
### Task #1
*Buying things on the Internet, such as books, air tickets and groceries, is becoming more and more popular.
Do the advantages of shopping in this way outweigh the disadvantages?*
#### Advantages
- Easy to access
- Wide range of options
- High discounts
- Saving time
- Long distances
- Less stress or anxiety
- Less physical work
#### Disadvantages
 - Addiction
 - High amount of spending money
 - Delivery issues
 - No real experience of shopping
 - Relationship
 - Not testing or trying on
 - Privacy
 - Security
### Task #2
*Some people decide to start their own business instead of working for a company or organization.
Do the advantages for people working for their own business outweigh the disadvantages?*
#### Advantages
 - Being free, sense of independence
 - Likelihood for making a lot of money
 - Controlling others, leadership
 - Becoming popular
#### Disadvantages
 - Risks, failures, being bankrupt
 - A risk of not having stable salary
 - Requirements: finding knowledgeable people, finance
### Task #3
*Some suggest that young people should take a job for a few years between school and university.
Discuss what the advantages and disadvantages might be for people who do this.*
#### Advantages
 - Making money
 - Gaining working experience
 - Spending free time
 - Academic rest
 - Communication and support
#### Disadvantages
 - Time losing
 - More gap years
 - Loss of knowledge
 - Changing decisions
#### Essay
Some people believe that young adults should work on a job for a couple of years in a period between school and university. However, others, including me, do not accept this idea for several reasons.

When young people graduate school, they go to university or take a long break. For the latter, working in this period might be beneficial for various reasons. First, they can earn money to support their family or themselves and for university fees. For example, in my country, the young usually choose this option to ease their circumstances. Another reason is to spend their free time doing useful things rather than just staying at home. In my own experience, I only studied instead of doing something in my gap years, so I experienced depression, stress, and anxiety a lot.

In contrast, there are disadvantages of working for young people that overweigh its advantages. As time is priceless and irreversible, people lose their time by working instead of studying. In fact, human cognitive functions work their best until the age of 25. Therefore, this period should not be wasted, instead, should be spent on building a career. Additionally, more gap years can be problematic for applying to universities, in addition to the likelihood of losing much knowledge after not repeating it. Another reason, worth considering, losing the willingness to study or build career as people can change their minds. This can happen because of instant money(in physical work, it is easier to take a job after graduating), or other factors.

To summarize, there are some benefits and drawbacks of taking a job in gap years for young people to consider. Sure, It depends on the person, location, family, and other factors. For me, it is a huge risk to work instead of investing in education. For some, it is a bridge between them and their career.
# Notes
## Starting off
Hello there, I am here again! I woke up at 6.30 am, walked. ran the air is unhealth though(gas smells). Today I am going to track my day to organize it. Emotions? Cool. Temptations? Zero. But, when the alarm rang, I wanted to skip it to lie down like a lazy. However, I did not listen to my body and this is what should be actually done to succeed in this lazy-full world.