After 10 days, I am here to write notes again. I know I delayed it too long, yet I started again. Okay, what things happened? Let me tell you them.
# Cold turkey 
I recently went into cold turkey to regain  my knowledge, repair my brain. At the moment, I can only enter Cambridge Dictionary, GeeksforGeeks, W3Schools, GTK.org, Google Translate and GitHub. This time, limitations are even more strict. Not only can I enter those websites I mentioned above, but also I cannot enter other .com, .net, .edu, org domains to avoid discovering new websites. Why should I do this? 
## Why Cold turkey?
This feel tough, I know. There are some benefits of going into Cold turkey, such as:
- Dopamine detox
- Reshaping focus, memory and other areas of the brain
- Mindfulness
- Fixing addictions
- Guaranteed Workflow
- Reviewing memories
And also some drawbacks, if you consider:
- No other websites beyond those which are allowed
- No being able to watch movies, TV series, porn, entertainment (which is good actually)
- No more games
- No AI (it has both good and bad sides)
So, I am going to keep everything as minimal as possible
# Operating System I am using
After a lot of distro-hopping and installing Windows, I decided to install Fedora with KDE, and I do not regret. After getting KDE Plasma 6.3, I do not have complaints about VLC anymore. It works like a charm. Interestingly, I removed the taskbar on the desktop to minimize distractions, and maximize focus. It helps a lot. 
## Linux and cold turkey
Linux also helps to go in cold turkey. I know, there is a way to bypass it, yet not as easy as you think. I should download ISO of Linux distro on my Father's computer, burn my USB and boot it to change the password of root account: then, I should disable my DNS service by booting again. Is this so easy, not. You might ask, you can bypass this limitations, how is that helpful then. I do not have to block all the ways to cheat myself. The current status is enough. I just made it harder to reach, I have a brain to decide what to do.
# My plan for today
I am still going to refocus on my skills. My goal is today:
1. [ ] I will read all the articles on the screen
2. [ ] I will review words I learned here: [[25-01-2025#Words]] and [[26-01-2025#Words]]
3. [ ] I will meditate every time after sessions
4. [ ] I will clean up (also a cold shower)
5. [ ] I will finish watching the video I am currently watching
6. [ ] I will read the book 