# Greeting
Hi there again, sometimes it is hard to write something to begin writing. Today, I got up at 6 AM as usual, however, I guess I was awake at about 5.30 AM, I just did not realize it. If I feel, I am being awake earlier, I will try to shift my sleep schedule: 10 PM-5.30 PM. Unfortunately or fortunately, I started experiencing my sexual desires again, so yes, I passed the flat line. I dreamed about p\*rn again, that means, my brain is broken in that case. That takes much time to repair my dreams, my fantasy. Will I relapse? Never, even one small mistake will eventually lead to big failures in that case. That is enough to talk for now, let us start the day:
# Plan for Today
Today is also going to be hard as other days:
1. [x] I will learn new English Words from the UNIT 7 right after finishing planning
2. [x] I will take a break for 10 minutes
3. [x] I will meditate after having breakfast (5 minutes)
4. [ ] I will do IELTS preparation (Complete IELTS), finishing the UNIT 7 (SB) right after meditation
5. [ ] I will meditate (5) right after IELTS preparation
6. [ ] I will take a break for 20 minutes
7. [ ] I will continue watching the podcast
8. [ ] I will nap, do cardio, walk and meditate to start the other part of the day
9. [ ] I will start continuing learning C programming by reading the articles
10. [ ] I will start my workout at 2 PM
11. [ ] I will go to the course  at 3.30 PM
12. [ ] I will take a break (30 minutes) after the course
13. [ ] I will continue IELTS preparation (either CI or HW)
14. [ ] I will start reading the book at 9 PM
15. [ ] I will go to sleep at 9.50 PM
So let's get straight in to its!
# Words
1. **Irritating**
	- I have an irritating habit with the internet, I feel irritated after doing it
	- When I came to the class, my teacher looked irritated
	- Irritation is a feeling of being angry or annoyed 
2. **Persuasive**
	- Making you want to do or believe something
	- She was so confident and persuasive that anybody followed her
	- Sometimes if you need motivation, you want to meet someone persuasive to get inspiration
	- Persuasive people can persuade you easily
	- My daughter looked at me persuasively to make me buy the sweet
3. **Reassuring**
	- Makes you less worried
	- Double checking the fact is reassuring somehow
	- I usually meditate to feel reassuring, because I do not want to worry too much
	- He came and sit down, and said reassuringly: Do not worry, I am here to help
4. **Accompany**
	- Going, coming, being somewhere with someone
	- Today, I am going to go to the cinema, would you like to accompany me?
	- My father doesn't have a car. if he did, he would accompany me to long distances
	- Do you think children should be accompanied by adults?
	- If I get rich, I will be accompanied by bodyguards so that they can protect me
5. **Unravel**
	- Making a mysterious or unknown thing known or understood
	- When I grow up, I will unravel the borders of the university
	- When people start to know or understand an unknown or mysterious thing, it unravels
6. **Deception**
	- Hiding the truth, mostly to get an advantage
	- The gorillas were caught by deception, they wanted to hide the truth that they had broken the glass
	- Deception and deceit are synonyms, they can be used interchangeably
7. **Interspecies**
	- Among a particular kind of species
	- People and other apes have interspecies communities, however, the do not make other species
	- I could not find the meaning of interspecies from Cambridge Dictionary, Obsidian did not even recognize it, but I guess, its meaning is among the species
8. **Lowland**
	- usually flat, at or not much higher than sea level
	- I do not know If I live in a lowland as there is no sea to measure
	- lowland gorillas differ from mountain gorillas
9. **Reflect**
	- to express, show or being a sign of something
	- think carefully, especially about other possibilities and opinions
	- Your books and notebooks reflect your face
	- In our tradition, mothers reflect their daughters behaviors
	- When I came in, there was a girl reflecting all the beauties of the world
	- He stopped and started reflecting, because he has a lot of options and opinions
	- I hate people who work on high-level jobs, but do not reflect on people's life
	- I have to reflect on my future when I am facing with temptations
10. **Profound, Profoundly**
	- When something is profound, it feels very extreme
	- Profound also means a sign of deep understanding something
	- Love and death are profound topics, one of both looks appealing, but the latter is scary
	- I found a fact that other apes also reflect on profound topics
	- If you find something profound, like a profound book, you understand the book clearly
11. **Instance**
	- A situation or event, usually an example happens generally
	- To give an example, exemplifying
	- When you want to say: give me an example, you can simply say instance instead
	- I was instancing several problems related to the recent explosion
	- For some instances, it is difficult to run away
	- I will only help you in this instance
12. **Deceit, Deceitful, Deceitfully, Deceitfulness**
	- act of hiding the truth, synonym with deception
	- New studies found that other apes have deceit
13. **Rip, To rip**
	- tearing, pulling apart, as a noun, a tear
	- Removing things carelessly
	- Copying files from CD or DVD, as a noun, a copy of it
	- A monkey ripped the boy's jacket so he was really upset
	- I carelessly ripped my trousers so I cannot wear it for now
	- There are some rips on your clothe, please change it
	- I am trying to rip my date from USB Drive to my laptop
	- He was blamed for keeping illegal rips on his computer
14. **Confess**
	- To admit that you have done something wrong
	- My brother has confessed that he stole the money
	- To save her son, the mother had to confess to the murder (She killed a person or people, so she confessed (admitted) that she killed them)
15. -
	- 