# Greeting
Hi there, I am here again after getting up and running. My right leg hurts. I do not know how to fix it, but I will try to find ways to deal with it. First, I will use a cream to ease the pain, then I will buy medical "binds" (I do not know the word in English, but I will find it and fix it), and wrap my legs strongly to prevent more problems. You may think, bro, you need to heal it first, but I say: I know, but this should prevent me from working. If it really sucks and makes me even bad, I will try to repair it.
# Reviewing yesterday
Yesterday was not bad. I did my best to complete (okay, let's be honest, I tried, not my best) the tasks. However, I couldn't complete some of them. Today I will try to make less excuses.
# Plan
- [x] Homework preparation #1 (Working with Collocations) right after the planning
- [x] Breakfast after homework
- [x] Slowing down my breath #1 (10 minutes) after breakfast
- [x] Meditation #1 after breakfast (10 minutes) right after breathing
- [x] Homework preparation #2 (Finishing it) right after meditation
- [x] Having dinner after the podcast
- [ ] Programming (To continue reviewing C docs, I hope I reach my destiny) right after meditation
- [ ] Workout session (1 hour), for core and legs
- [ ] IELTS preparation (either Self-prep or Homework)
# Words
1. **Utter, Utterly**
	- Extreme, complete
	- I have never seen an explosion, let alone an utter one
	- utter marathons require strong legs, patient and pain
	- If I tell that I am going to break up with her, she is going to get utterly misery(unhappy)
	- Taking a cold shower for the first time is utterly painful, or it is utter pain
2. **A streaming cold**
	- a heavy cold(illness)
	- When I got a streaming cold, it took a while to restore my overall health
	- When you feel a heavy cold, it is a streaming cold
# Temptation
After feeling a lot of temptations, now I am back. At first, it seemed really hard: the only way seemed to masturbate to porn. It was tough. I even went outside and it did not help either. Hopefully, I have already blocked watching porn from my laptop, so I do not have to worry about watching it: the TV is unsuitable to watch porn as my brother is here and he is using the computer too. So, It is just impossible, although there are utter ways. But still, urges are here to make it difficult for me to quit them. This day will pass. Everything will be fine. For now, I am going to write things I learnt by talking to ChatGPT. Then I will continue watching the episode about David Goggins. ChatGPT suggest me that I should not make too a much detailed plan to start the day. And also, I do not have to meditate every time. I use breath control and meditation when I feel urges. Also, I learned that I need to care about my health. My right leg hurts, but it does not mean I do not have to run today. I will use what I bought for a pharmacy to ease the pain while running. It it really hurts or becomes stronger, I will stop.