# Vocabulary [[28-07-2025#Vocabulary]]
9. Flinch (verb, I) -  to make a sudden movement because of pain or fear. UZ: seskanmoq.
10. Grow tired (phasal verb) of - to become tired gradually. UZ: charchab boshlamoq.
11. Instigate (verb, I) - to make something start or happen, usually bad. UZ: qo'zg'atmoq, avj oldirmoq.
12. Fist (noun, C) - a hand fingers and a thumb are tightly bent in. UZ: mushtum.
13. Visiting (adj) - on a visit to a person or a place. UZ: mehmondagi. 
14. Objetcion (adj) to/against - a feeling or expression of disapproval of, dislike againt something. UZ: norozilik, qarshilik, e'tiroz.
15. Self-appointed (adj) - having a role or position from other's agreement, endorsement. UZ: o'z o'zicha tayinlangan.
16. Shrug off (phrasal verb, I or T) - to dismiss, ignore something as if it is not important. UZ: beparvolik qilish.
17. Nurture (noun, U) - care, support for children, treating them to behave in a particular way. UZ: parvarish, tarbiya.
18. Consequently (adverb) - as a result, therefore. UZ: natijada, buning oqibatida.
19. Rage (verb, I) - to happen/proceed in a strong, intensive or violent way. UZ: avjga chiqmoq.
20. Dethrone (verb, T) - to remove a kind or queen from power, a ruling position. UZ: taxtdan ag'darish.
21. Driven (adj) - determined to achieve something. UZ: maqsadli.
22. Hamper (verb, T) - to someone's way to achieve something difficult, prevent from doing it easily, to hinder. UZ: to'sqinlik qilmoq, xalaqit bermoq.
23. Pamper (verb, T) - to treat somebody with too much kindness, care and affection to make them as much comfortable as possible. UZ: erkalatish.
24. Reiterate (verb, T) - to say something you have said before again or several times to emphasize. UZ: qaytarmoq, takrorlamoq.
25. Proponent (noun, C) - a person who supports an idea or plan, advocate, supporter. UZ: tarafdor.
26. Definitive (adj) - final, firm, not to be changed; the best of its kind. UZ: shak-shubhasiz, eng so'ngi.
27. Trait (noun, C) - a characteristics of personality. UZ: xislat.
28. Conscientious (adj) - feeling of moral responsibility to do a task with a lot of effort and to be fair with others. UZ: vijdonli.
29. Extroversion, extraversion (adj) -  a person energetic and not shy, willing to be with people; ongoing person. UZ: extravert.
30. Agreeableness (noun, U) - a quality of being friendly, kind and pleasant. UZ: kelishuvchanlik.
31. Neurotic (adj) - nervous, not behaving calmly, often strangely. UZ: nevrotik, asabiy.
32. Entitlement (noun, U) - the fact of having right to do something. UZ: huquqdorlik.
33. Rivalry (noun, C or U) - a situation in which people, companies compete each other. UZ: raqobat, musobaqa.
34. Mediator (noun, C) - a person who tries to end a disagreement between two opposide sides of people, groups by talking to them to help them find a solution. UZ: o'rtakash, vositachi.
35. Negotiator (noun, C) - a job whose task is to reach an agreement with people who have different interested or argues against each other. UZ: muzokara olib boruvchi.
36. Keen (adj) to verb - eager or enthusiastic to do something. UZ: bir ishni qilishni ishtiyoqmand.
37. Tagged (adj) - labeled, categorized. UZ: belgilangan.
38. Rebel (verb, I) - to refuse to obey rules, people in authority. UZ: isyon qilish, boysunmaslik.
39. Slap (verb, T) - to put or apply something carelessly, forcefully. UZ: yopishtirish.