# Vocabulary from a passage [[29-07-2025#Vocabulary 28-07-2025 Vocabulary]]

40. Take turns (phrasal verb) at - to do the same task by altering people's position. UZ: navbat almashmoq.
41. Naughty (adj) - behaving badly or not willing to obey, especially children. UZ: itoatsiz, gapga quloq solmaydigan, yaramas.
42. Diligent (adj) - hard-working, putting a lot of effort and care to duties. UZ: serg'ayrat, mehnatkash.
43. Transcend (verb, T) - to go beyond or rise above a usual limit, be greater than ordinary. UZ: limitni kesib o'tmoq.
44. Entrepreneur (noun, C) - a person who starts a business by taking financial risks. UZ: tadbirkor.
45. Cover (all) the bases (Idiom) of - to do everything to be sure that something is successful. UZ: Hamma tomonini qamrab qolmoq.
46. Spoilt, spoiled (adj) - treated too well with result of bad behavior. UZ: taltaytirib yuborilgan, erkalatilgan.
47. Identify with (phrasal verb) - to feel yourself similar with someone else. UZ: o'xshashlikni his qilish.
48. Cerebral (adj) - related to the brain, intellectual; serious and intelligent, thoughtful rather than emotional. UZ: aqliy, aqlli, fikr yuritadigan.
49. Easy (adj) - comfortable, relaxed, free from worrying, friendly. UZ: bemalol.
50. Confrontation (noun, C or U) - an argument or fight, meeting between people from opposite sides. UZ: qarama-qarshilik.
51. Be (partly) blame for (Idiom) - to be a reason to be blamed for a situation. UZ: (qisman) aybdor bo'lmoq.
52. Saddle (verb, T) someone with - to burden someone with unwanted responsibility or task. UZ: Yuk berish.
53. Attribute (verb, T) to - to say that something is result of a particular thing or person; to link something to another thing as a cause. UZ: ishora qilish, yo'nalishtirish, sabab qilib ko'rsatmoq.
54. Connotation (noun, C) - a meaning of word that is beyond its literal meaning. UZ: qo'shimcha ma'no, ma'no ohangi.
55. Work out (phrasal verb, I) - to understand something or to find an answer by thinking. UZ: tushunmoq, anglamoq.
56. Willingly (adverb) - in a way you are happy to do something, enthusiastically or readily. UZ: xohish bilan, ishtiyoq bilan.