# LineageOS
## Introduction

Lineage os is a free and open source application, which is considered a fork of it predecessor, Cyanogenmod (my favorite custom ROM in the past). As a matter of fact, over 4.5 millions of devices run LineageOS in 2025.

## Key Features
- Fully free and open source
- Actively maintained and improved
- Fully degoogled - built around open source apps (e.g Dialer, SMS app, Camera, Gallery)
 - Supports many devices
 - Very lightweight and minimal (faster performance, longer battery life, support for older devices)
 - Several customization features that AOSP doesn't offer
## My Experience with LineageOS
So far, I tried many versions of *LineageOS*, including the latest official one: *LineageOS 22.2*. The ROM is noticeably faster, cleaner than stock ROMS. There is no spyware, ads, even **Google Play Services** (sure you can install it using **MindTheGapps** or **NikGapps** if desired). So ROM is less opinionated and follows **KISS** (Keep It Simple Stupid) philosophy. 
How to download and install **LineageOS** on your device?
First, you need to be comfortable with using terminal (Linux, MacOS) or CMD (Windows) and know **ADB**, **Fastboot** to some extent. You can find if you device is official supported and maintained here: https://wiki.lineageos.org/devices/. If you cannot find your device here, don't worry, there are usually unofficial builds in different forums such as **XDA Developers** or **4PDA**. Once you find your device, visit its page and jump into Guides section and click the Installation link. There, the official proper guidance is provided for step-by-step installation. 
## Why should you care?
In fact, you don't have to unless you have a slow, low-end phone or old phone which is demanding faster performance, longer battery or newer android version. Not everybody wants to throw their device away and buy a new one. Some are enthusiastic to tinker it and give it another life.
