# Speaking
## Part 2
 *Describe a place you have been to that has a lot of water and that you liked.*
*You should say:*
	*Where the place was.*
	*What people did at this place.*
	*Why and when you went there.*
*And explain why you liked this place.* 
### Answer 1
A year ago, I visited a historical place called "Termiz ota" in the main city of my region, Termiz and witnessed the best watching of one of the two important rivers in the country, Amudarya. This river is located on the border between two neighbor countries, Uzbekistan and Afghanistan, so viewing the river closely is hardly possible for most people. But some visitors there were very enthusiastic to see the beautify of the river fully, so they used another way to reach hills and climbed up. I was not alone on this trip, my ex-girlfriend was my accompany. We had decided to go on a date so it was just part of our romantic day. We together went up the hills by holding our hands, reached the top, discovered around and stopped to look at the river. It was the first time I was watching the complete scenery of the massive water. I never forget the moment as it is associated with my first experience and her.
#### Improvements
historical site, one of the highlights of, major rivers, runs along the border, view up close, adventurous visitors, nearby hills, plan a day together, one of the key moments, hand in hand, stand in silence, staring at, vast stretch of, in person, memories I made, unforgettable
# My realizations for improvements in IELTS
## Speaking
Speaking is difficult as I haven't made speeches on relatively new topics and used new vocabulary (I was stuck at familiar topics with familiar vocabulary). When there is a topic, I need to organize my thoughts first and gain enough vocabulary, structures. Before trying to give a full speech, it is better to break the topic into small chunks (working on each sub questions of part 2), trying to use new or most appropriate vocabulary, structures. When I can confidently make a speech with new vocabulary, I will change my answer's structure (to make myself adaptable to difficult situations when I have no idea). While I am giving a speech, I will record the voice and write it to discuss with AI.
## Listening
### Problem
I find it hard to understand questions sometimes, so it makes me skip the answer. Also, sometimes lacking enough vocabulary confuses the true meaning of the question and answer.
### Solutions
I do not have to work on speed or quickness, first of all, the thing I lack most is comprehending the questions on a sheet, speech in the audio. I will learn all the vocabulary from the sheet(s) and audio, listen to the audio a couple of times. Keep in mind, stress is common here when I do not skip part of audio with no understanding or failing to identify the answer, but controlling angriness and other emotions is important here to prevent getting lost.
## Reading
### Problem
The problem is similar to what it is written on the listening section. My poor comprehension and vocabular backup are not usually capable of managing the issues that arise during the reading session. Another problem is related to the process of acquiring new words from the passage. Unsurprisingly, as a result of my perfectionism, I have to spend a quite long time to learn one words with its all meanings, which is truly inefficient in a long run.
### Solution
Reading also requires learning new vocabulary, complex grammar in the passages. Once I can understand the passage fully, answering is very easy to go over. I am just going to stick to the exact meaning which is intended to be understood in the passage. Writing them instead of remembering forces my brain to memorize.  
## Writing
For overall writing, I will constantly need to fix my grammatical issues while writing (in general) replace inappropriate usages of vocabulary. Constant writing notes is important, but it lacks working on statistics which is crucial on writing task 1.
### Task 1
Task 1 has always been difficult to me. One factor contributing to my hate for task 1 is not being able to structure it. To fix this, I can get write a full report for the task, improve it and rewrite it for task 1 format.
### Task 2
Task 2 is a bit easier to handle, yet difficult to use more advanced vocabular at the moment as well as writing error-free essays. 

## Overall
For all, reading, listening, writing, speaking, constant practice and applying new things is important to avoid being stuck at one level. Apart from the tasks from the class, I am also going to use my books for additional suppliance of knowledge (Complete IELTS series, vocabulary and grammar books from Cambridge). There is a strong demand on correct usage of words with prepositions, grammar improvements, more vocabulary (as both active and passive).


