# Free software
Our education is outdated
Our media shows that IT industry in our country is getting better and better, young generations are having classes based on latest sources. I suspect here. When you teach proprietary, cracked software to students, you are holding improvements back. Our resources for Computer Science (or Informatics) are primarily focused on cracked Windows and cracked Microsoft Office. They just show how to click and type buttons. In reality, if you want to teach students how computer works, real Computer Science knowledge, you must be picking up and embracing Open-source projects, not proprietary, pirated software. 
I am going to give you a couple of reasons:

1. Open source teaches how software works.
As the code is open and freely available to the public, students who are willing to learn can fetch the code, patch it, modify it or understand it fully. This is the true power of learning, when the source is closed, you can only learn how to use it, not how it actually works.

2. No license or financial issues.
It is free, after all. There is no malware, telemetry, adware, bloatware and other unwanted parts. You don't have to deal with license issues, buy an expensive product to use it widely. Our country breaks the rules of license agreements, which is illegal.

3. No malware, no antivirus
Hold on, you might argue that if the source is open, hackers can read and find vulnerabilities, hack it and distribute it, right? Not quite. As hackers and other cyber-security experts use the software, they firstly patch the vulnerability, so other can benefit. Other than that, other developers report issues, fix problems together. If you don't trust binary packages, you can clone the source code and compile it by yourself, which mean you are in control. However, when you get a binary package from proprietary software, you don't know what is included there, so you are own risk!

4. There are better alternatives for closed-sourced software
Windows -  is closed, so it is a junk anyway with its fame for adding bloatware, inconsistencies, bugs and ugly design. Linux is the best alternative which is widely used and supported by big companies such as Google, Microsoft (even Microsoft uses Linux, they produce Windows though), Amazon, and other big industries. So it has a great support and lots of volunteers to work on it. I personally use Linux and love its modularity, customization. Another alternative system is FreeBSD or other BSD derivatives. 
Microsoft office - is very expensive. LibreOffice is a very welcome alternative with its open source nature. It has very similar features for free.
5. Big disadvantages of crack software
I am going to count several problems most people face when they use cracked software:
- **Malicious code or script inside that software**. Hackers don't just give you a freed software, their purpose might be hacking lots of computers. If you use a random Windows ISO to install Windows, your computer might be brick forever thanks to your permission of allowing a boot-kit to run. Most malware nowadays don't show any harmful symptoms at first, so they can easily hack you computer slowly.
- **Outdated files**. When paid software is hacked and distributed, it usually stops getting official patches and security updates, as a result, your computer becomes vulnerable. Additionally, you also miss new features of the software as your cracked on gets old. You may also miss some important features like using official servers to sync your data.
- **Lawsuit**. In other countries, you are charged with breaking the user and licence agreements, so it is usually safer to respect authority and licence agreements as you don't want to appear in court.
**Conclusion**. Free and Open source software (FOSS) has always been the winner over proprietary software for safety, affordability and education. 95% maybe even higher percent of individuals, organizations and the government use cracked software, which  also opens its doors for hacking, cyber attacks to steal the secret data or money of the country. Like some European countries, our country should recognize FOSS as our future to grow. Education should be truly free!