# Detox
## Full control over the internet
After thinking carefully about this decision, I made a choice. Now, as usual, I am living with very limited internet capabilities. Meaning that I can only enter a few websites (educational). 
### How does it work?
Well, as I am using Arch Linux, I almost have full control over my system, so I am taking an advantage by removing root escalation access from my user account, changing root password to a random combination of numbers as well as setting up a full DNS kingdom on my the user space. It works flawlessly, I cannot bypass the limits unless I have very specific reasons.
## What am I experiencing?
Pain, a lot. I am feeling lonely, miserable, unmotivated. Sometimes I don't even want to move at all. My brain occasionally thinks about relapsing, the fake vividness of my addictions. It is normal to have. It may take some time to adjust, but eventually I will do.
# State of my course
## Why did I leave (freeze) the course?
I have quit (frozen)  my class for several reasons. I am going to write about it with full details. I needed some time to heal my brain to function normally, I did. Now, let me justify the reasons why I quit:
1. I lost self-study, self-reliance, responsibility
2. I need time to fix my brain
3. I was losing much time to attend a class with little progress
4. Lack of flexibility and a different approach of study were hindering my progress
5. Taking some time to prepare for my Math exam
As long as I see some healing signs and finish the exam, I will try to join the class again (I told about it to my teacher).
## I saw my teacher...
Today, I encountered my teacher in a grocery shop. He was also buying food like me. He informed me about his awareness of my problem (to some extent) and he had read my message (I still haven't read the reply). Everything was normal, we then said goodbye and went on.