# Starting off
## Morning state
I woke up at 6 AM successfully but with some difficulty. My body is not producing cortisol at the right time, probably due to shifted sleep schedule. It will naturally adapt the new schedule. I dreamed of a horrifying story. It did not used to happen, but my REM sleep was very deep and I clearly remember my dreams. 
## Am I horny?
It feel so. My body is naturally giving me erection most of the time. It makes the day and other challenges much more difficult. My brain constantly reminds porn or erotic scenes, extreme willing to be part of these scenes (e.g. sexual intercourse, sucking, penetration, oral). Today is the third day of my detox. My body will eventually get used to the normal life.
# Middle of the day
## Am I still horny or do I still love her?
Of course not. But my brains seeks out the moment we had together. I am experiencing a lot of erotic dreams, semi erection. In addition, I helplessly miss our first romantic dating. It was the first time I was kissing, hugging someone. It was both romantic and erotic (I was struggling to hide my strong erection). So my brain fantasizes that a lot by continuing the unfinished parts of our bond. It is okay, it will pass. 
## A long procrastination was a false alarm
I was ticking finished tasks of my to-do list that was planned yesterday. I took clipped my nails, I took a shower (finally we have water now after shortage), and cleaned my desk lamp. Then, it was time to review a listening exercise which went smoothly. Yet the most scary thing was awaiting me: writing task 1. I had finished introduction and overview parts of it yesterday, but the main parts were left. I postponed it for hours hopelessly, eventually finished recently. It wasn't difficult at all, just I was avoiding negative emotions which could come along the process. I just eased the difficulty and passed the mission. **Fun fact**: *you procrastinate mainly because of negative emotions, not because you are lazy.*
