## Human brain and multi-tasking
I am going to write about multi-tasking, single-tasking, and constant switching between different type of work. Human brain, as we know, is the most intelligent one in earth. But despite it is leadership, it can only perform one task at a time. You may say: "Hey, but I can do multitasking simultaneously", right, but are you really focusing deeply? Let us say, you are listening to a podcast and working out. Can you understand the podcast fully and do workout intensively? I tried to many times, in which I could not manage to either of them. The brain, scientifically, is not suitable for multitasking. Just focus on one thing, not one set of work. 
## Drawbacks of constant task switching
Imagine, you are working on a project and at the same time, you are checking you Telegram. Is it alright? Not quite! For example, I can remember the days, in which I used write code for my projects, get used to external sounds, and checking my Telegram. My focus was just inefficient. Constant switching alters your brain architecture. As a consequence, your mind will never be able to concentrate to one task, either it wanders around, or you end up with chatting with your friends online. I only recommend doing one thing at the time. If you need to search something to fix your a bug in your code, first finish your focus session, afterwards search it. It is like, instead of zebra line(in which there are black and white lines are put contiguously - one black, then one white), first finish black lines(or white ones), then switch to the latter.

