# I finished reading this book
I have read many books related to productivity, willpower, psychology, and other important topics that help me analyze myself. I finished this book after a couple of months. Actually, I first started reading it in 2024. Then, I struggled with my addictions and often overreacted to them. As a result, I had to restart the book three times before reaching the point where I had left off. Finally, I managed to finish the book, but I missed one important point: I did not write any conclusions, reviews, or real-life examples. So, I decided to reflect on the book and analyze it more thoroughly. In this review, I will go over each chapter, summarize key points, discuss real-life examples, and explain how the book helped me.
# What kind of book is this?
In short, it is an incredible book that teaches what willpower is. The author, Kelly McGonigal (I just learned her name!), is a scientist at Stanford. Her book explains a lot about the science behind willpower, the core components of willpower, how her students changed their lives based on experiments. The book is actually inspired by her class, called "The Science of Willpower," so every experiment has been tested on the public. 
# Experiments and under the microscope
The book contains a lot of experiments and "under the microscope"s. By reading this book, I implemented many of the experiments to my life as well as thinking about the statements given in "under the microscope". The experiments are very practical and applicable, therefore, you can easily adjust them to your preference if any issues arise. Through the journey of reading this book with enjoyment, you will get a lot about willpower and keep this book as a reference for your later life. One of the best thing about the book is that you get conclusions, experiments and observations at the end of each chapter as well as having access directly to experiments.
# Chapters of the book
The book consists of 10 chapters, each has unique topics, experiments, observations as well as examples. If you pick this book to read while you are relaxing, I would recommend testing the experiments, at least think about them, if any of them is inappropriate, explain why. In my case, I felt some experiments did not seem to work, yet I was wrong: I realized them only after experiencing real problems. **The first chapter** theorizes willpower, teaches the three major components of willpower: I Will, I Won't and I want. **The second chapter** illustrates the science behind willpower, reasons why we have willpower, how it evolved and shows real-life examples of ancient times. **The third chapter** tells about the muscle model of willpower, it characterizes willpower as a muscle, it gets tired when you use it, it gets stronger by lifting challenges. **The fourth chapter** provides very useful information about "Moral licensing", why we do bad things after good things. It also explain several effects and cases. **The fifth chapter** covers why we relapse or do bad things as a means of getting happiness, how our brain lies to us by giving the promise of reward, but now the reward itself. **The sixth chapter** explains "What the hell effect", self-criticism and its drawbacks, why we should forgive ourselves. **The seventh chapter** includes the future-self model, why we fail to predict the future, why our brain seeks instant gratification, what we can do to solve that issue. **The eighth chapter** goes through why habits and willpower are contagious, how we copy what others are doing, how we can spread our good and bad habits to them. **The ninth chapter**, as its name suggests, do not read that chapter, you will read it though. It was a game changer for me when I was reading it, it made me stop and think clearly about whether I would remove restrictions. It also effectively illustrates "The White Bear" effect, "Forbidden fruit" (I think the term is related to Abrahamic mythology of creating Adam and Eve). By the way, do not read that chapter, otherwise you will have to reconsider what you are doing now. **The last chapter**, covers all of them with conclusions. Finishing that chapter made me sad, the book had already become part of my life. I still love this book. 